Add blog post for release of hpy-0.0.3 (#22)
hpyproject/hpyproject.org: posts/2021/10/hpy-0.0.3.md

To double check the version of HPy which is shipped with those, you can either
use `pip` or `hpy.universal.get_version()`:

```
$ pypy -m pip show hpy
Name: hpy
Version: 0.0.3
...

$ graalpython -m pip show hpy
Name: hpy
Version: 0.0.3
...

$ pypy -c 'import hpy.universal; print(hpy.universal.get_version()[0])'
0.0.3

$ graalpython -c 'import hpy.universal; print(hpy.universal.get_version()[0])'
0.0.3
```

API
===

HPy is still under heavy development and does not yet provide as many API
functions as Python's C API but more and more pieces are added.
In this release, we've added following functions:

  - `HPy_Is`
  - `HPyBytes_FromStringAndSize`
  - `HPyErr_NewException`
  - `HPyErr_NewExceptionWithDoc`
  - `HPyUnicode_AsUTF8AndSize`
  - `HPyUnicode_DecodeFSDefault`
  - `HPyImport_ImportModule`

All of the above functions except of `HPy_Is` have equivalents in the C API. You
just need to remove the leading `H` from the name.

Function `HPy_Is` was added to be able to do object identity comparisons. In the
C API, you would just do a pointer comparison like this:

```
PyObject *object_a = /* ... */;
PyObject *object_b = /* ... */;
return object_a == object_b;
```

> Since HPy was deliberately designed to prevent such comparisons, you need to use
> the newly introduced function:

Reviewer: This sentence is a bit obscure. What about this?

```suggestion
In HPy, direct comparisons of handles is forbidden by design, because distinct handles can point to the same object. To compare objects by identity, you need to use `HPy_Is`:
```

in [`public_api.h`](https://github.com/hpyproject/hpy/blob/release/0.0.3/hpy/tools/autogen/public_api.h#L107-L298),
which is used to autogenerate parts of the HPy code and is a reliable list of
all the supported functions.

!!! Warning

    The HPy API is still considered in alpha status and it's subject to change
    between versions.

Debug Mode
===

One of the great features of HPy is the _debug mode_. It was already introduced
a while ago (and therefore already include in release 0.0.2) but it got two new
features that can help C extension developers a lot.
HPy's debug mode is now able to track closed handles and users now have the
possibility to register a callback that is invoked when an invalid handle is
accessed.

For example, if you would access a close handle, the debug mode reports that and
by default such errors are fatal:

```
HPyDef_METH(f, "f", f_impl, HPyFunc_O)
static HPy f_impl(HPyContext *ctx, HPy self, HPy arg)
{
    HPy h = HPy_Dup(ctx, arg);
    HPy_Close(ctx, h);
    /* The following close will operate on an invalid handle and thus cause a
    fatal error */
    HPy_Close(ctx, h);
    return HPy_Dup(ctx, ctx->h_None);
}
```

> 

Reviewer: is it actually true? I think that at the moment, a double-close doesn't crash, see https://github.com/hpyproject/hpy/issues/258#issuecomment-958785897

The crash happens if you try to actually use a closed handle.
Note that I am more and more convinced that allowing multiple `HPy_Close` was a mistake and that we should change the current behavior.

Author: I've removed this example since it does no longer make sense.

Since it should be possible to detect several problems with the debug mode in
one run, it's not useful to crash on the first invalid access. Therefore, it is
possible to register a custom callback function in Python that allows to take
some action in such cases:

```
n = 0
def callback():
    nonlocal n
    n += 1
_debug.set_on_invalid_handle(callback)
# calls the above HPy function 'f_impl'
mod.f('something')
assert n == 1
```

> 

Reviewer: I agree with @fangerer and @rlamy : I introduced `set_on_invalid_handle` mostly for our internal tests and we should not advertise it.
I think the only reasonable thing to do is to abort as soon as we detect an invalid usage of a closed error, because it's basically equivalent to a segfault: we no longer know whether the underlying `PyObject *` points to valid memory, so the program might crash soon anyway and/or do unpredictable things.

Our tests are allowed to use it because they are written in such a way to ensure that the memory is still valid, but that's just a property of our tests

Author: Okay, I'll remove the description for `set_on_invalid_handle` and will fix the above example.
